Hugo Modules Guide (#266)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: guides/hugo-modules/modules-with-access-token.mdx

---
_schema: default
_uuid: 8087a5a8-2e7a-4091-b556-bd40bf9844e6
_created_at: 2023-06-07T00:00:00Z
title: Access private modules with an access token
nav_title: Access private modules with an access token
order: 3
published: true
image: >-
  https://cc-dam.imgix.net/documentation/images/default-thumbnail/2023-Q4/CloudCannon-Documentation-Thumbnail.png
description: >-
  Learn how to use GitHub's access tokens to authenticate a private Hugo Modules
  repository.
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_links:
---

> Some Hugo Modules won't be a good fit for [Site Mounting](/documentation/articles/site-mounting/), particularly if they are hosted on a private repository and require a complex setup. In this case, we can configure your CloudCannon site to install private Hugo Modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Hugo Modules won't be a good fit for [Site Mounting](/documentation/articles/site-mounting/), particularly if they belong to a different organization in GitHub, or require a complex setup. In this case, we can configure your CloudCannon site to install private Hugo Modules.
```
